Physical Security
If you found a USB flash drive,
would you plug it into your computer?
Many people would.
That’s why social engineers load flash drives with malware
and plant them in public areas.
It’s an attack driven by curiosity.
Physical security also includes
locking workstations when not in use,
shredding sensitive documents to prevent dumpster diving,
ensuring that doors to secured areas remain locked,
not allowing anyone to piggyback off your badge or credentials,
and making sure no one slips in behind you
when you enter secured areas.
Like cybersecurity,
physical security relies on you staying alert
and never making assumptions.
Social engineers can and do exploit the physical domain
just as they do the virtual.
Key Takeaways
Never plug in random USB flash drives or cables.
Lock your workstation when not in use.
Shred sensitive documents when they’re no longer needed.